Based on the current methods for creating dense crosswords, 
There is no best solution for all dictionaries.
Our current dictionary will be between 200,000 and 300,000 words.
Our aesthetic requirements on the total word count and character density are permissive.
For a dictionary of this size and generous constraints,
a brute force approach is effective. Given a small initial themed word bank,
we can reliably generate crosswords with 30 or more words.
The default difficulty of each generated crossword will be quite high.

We will not be backtracking due to the size of our dictionary and our permissive parameters.
For very restrictive/premium/published puzzles this would be more time-effective.

The difficulty can be adjusted by:
    1. Increasing the number of themed words in the initial word bank. (Less difficult)
    This decreases the initial difficulty and increases generation constraint and therefore
    character density. This will make generating crosswords more difficult.
    2. Increasing word length. (Less difficult) [Not yet implemented]
    This causes subsequent clues to be easier to solve.
    3. Increasing the number of words in the crossword. (More satisfying)
    Increasing the total number of words increases the successes the player experiences.
    Larger word counts also typically make later clues easier to solve.

isPartOfHorizontalWord and isPartOfVerticalWord are properties created to determine whether or not it is valid to start a new word.
If an index is part of a horizontal or vertical word, another word cannot be placed there.

//!a function to generate clues
// Not needed? The crossword object has a words and clues property. 

//!check for duplicate words function?
// Our dictionary is large enough this should not be required(?)

//!PROBLEM: For our dictionary, clues are written manually after generation by an aesthete! These clues may even reference the puzzle they originally appeared in.
// This is a problem for the dictionary team. The form of the offending clues commonly includes references such as:
// "52-across" (ASHOTIN), "10-down" (ENDNOTES), "starred clues" (BIRDS), "italicized clues" (HANDM), "clues" (CAPITALLETTER), "unclued answers" (DOWNCOMFORTERS), "asterisked clue" (NBA), etc. 
// For crosswords of especially high aesthetic scoring, manual review and clue writing may be valuable.